You all have probably heard about VEE, due to her recently leaving the platform I’ve decided to speak my opinion on the matter, first let’s get the obvious out of the way, the harassment she has gotten is terrible and unacceptable in every way shape or form, but I also can’t ignore her being so controversial with her artworks. I, not like most people dislike some of vee’s work and have actual criticisms over it.

First of all before we talk about her artworks I wanted to say that some of them are completely fine, also the idea of Gigi being drawn as a chubby person is great and I like the idea of that (even though it’s not confirmed by the creator of the game). But I also think that the way she drew her is kinda creepy and off, I will be mainly talking about her most recent colored gigi artwork and what I think about it.

First of all when looking at that drawing there are two things that I find wrong about it, firstly her clothes don’t have enough folds, especially her sweater. (this is important because Gigi’s sweater is oversized even for a bigger person, also vee drew Gigi’s sleeves long but has strangely decided not to make the rest of the sweater oversized for some reason). Secondly I think Gigi’s expression is very off, she looks like she is high or drunk, my solution is to take inspiration from how qwel draws Gigi’s face, if you have seen qwel draw Gigi’s face you can see how great it fits her personality and also look great and less off.

Now I want to talk about her yatta artwork, my biggest criticism over that artwork is that yatta’s body is very detailed, which has not reason to be that way because yatta’s body suppose to have a rougher texture which brings me to my next point.

In both of the artwork I reviewed, vee emphasizes the middle area of the toon more notably the belly area, and before you call me a creep artists do this all of the time when make artworks, they want the viewer to focus on one or two point of the drawing to not make it a mess in the eyes. In my opinion I think this is clear evidence that vee indeed has a fat fetish and glorifies it in her artworks.

In conclusion, as I said in the beginning vee shouldn’t have gotten harassed, but I also think it is fair to dislike her work and criticize her. It’s not what you draw, it’s how you draw it which makes all of the differences between innocent and harmless artwork to glorified fat fetish soft corn.